Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
BASED ON ACTUAL INVESTIGATIONS
How long have you been studying
this kind of phenomenon?
Twenty years... maybe more.
How did you manage.
through all this years.
to balance your personal life
with your work?
I assume you have a wife
and a family.
Don't assume.
I don't.
Can you assure me
that the video is authentic?
It is.
Professor Rocha.
tell us everything you know.
Of course.
Tell me. Miss...
Do you believe we're alone
in the universe?
THE FINAL PHASE
Hi daughter. I need to speak to you
urgently. Please call me.
- What a day. uh?
- Yes. love.
- But the new hotel project is ours.
- Yeah.
- Back pain?
- A strong one.
No. wait. wait...
Just leave it.
Relax...
- Just relax. You're all knotted up.
- Yeah.
You can do that later.
It feels so good.
I'm all better now.
How about...
we take a bath together...
followed by more massages?
I like the idea.
And I like you.
So. so much.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah. I'm just tired.
I'll be waiting. okay?
- I'll get everything ready.
- Sure. I'll go in a sec.
You're sweet.
Hi daughter. I need to speak to you
urgently. Please call me.
Hello?
Who is it?
Can I speak to Gonzalo?
Laura Pereira?
Yes. Who is it?
Sorry for the delay.
I was at your father's house.
What happened?
Why can't we go there?
The place was completely messed up.
It seems somebody broke in
looking for something.
Right now. the forensic police
is examining the whole place.
So we'd rather not have any disturbances
in our investigations.
What do you know. detective?
Not much for now.
A neighbor heard some noises
coming from the house and called us.
When we got there.
we found all this.
Did the neighbor saw something?
She saw a man.
He was lurking around the house.
but...
that's all.
Do you think he was kidnapped?
We're not ruling out any possibility.
Your father's an architect. right?
Yeah. Like me.
Do you know if he was working
on any special project?
No. he retired some years ago.
He walked away from everything
related to his profession.
And...
was he into any hobby. activity.
anything he liked doing?
He investigated
certain kind of phenomenon.
What phenomenon?
- UFOs.
- UFOs?
Why was he so interested in UFOs?
It's a long story.
- How's your relationship with him?
- We grew apart.
May I ask why?
He changed a lot after my mom's death.
so I just decided to keep some distance.
I see.
And how would you describe
your father's mental state?
I don't know.
Do you think he could have faked
his own disappearance?
It wouldn't surprise me.
When are we going to know something?
I'll get in touch with you
as soon as I know anything.
Rest assure...
we're doing our utmost to find him.
I'll give you my card.
If you need anything. call me.
Thank you. detective.
This seems to be endless.
Relax. It's just another one
of Gonzalo's lunacies.
Yeah. but when is he going to stop?
I thought I'd be free of all this
when I distanced myself.
See. it's impossible.
People don't change.
You should know him by now.
Precisely.
When everything is perfect.
he shows up and ruins it.
Everything's gonna be okay.
Relax.
Dad?
They're watching us.
They're always watching us.
Who?
They... are waiting.
Waiting for what?
The messenger...
They're coming.
Whoever broke in. didn't leave
any trace or fingerprint.
What do you think happened to him?
Judging by the circumstances.
if this is a kidnapping.
we're dealing with a professional.
However. if that's the case.
we're waiting for them to contact us.
and you.
to know what their intentions are.
We'll keep investigating.
but keep in mind
this can take some time.
I see.
Laura...
any information you can give me.
would be really helpful
for the investigation.
I know. it's just...
my father became a total stranger to me.
I feel I don't know him at all.
Everything's gonna be okay.
Rest assure. it's gonna be okay.
We'll find him.
They were looking for something.
What was your dad up to?
I don't know.
But whoever was here.
went to his house too.
- What they were looking for?
- I don't know.
We're missing something. Daniel.
Laura...
We should get out of here now.
Let's call the detective.
he'll know what to do.
Yeah. Let's do that.
What do you think
they were looking for in the office?
I don't know.
Nobody had been there for a long time.
You saw it.
There were just blueprints. mockups...
Whatever they were looking for.
I don't think they found it.
What do you mean?
I feel this is just the beginning.
Lau...
Do you think your father was involved
in something strange?
What do you mean?
I don't know.
you haven't seen him for ages.
Precisely.
I just hope he's okay.
I'm sure he is.
Hello?
Hello!
- Who is this?
- Hello. Laura Pereira?
Yes. Who are you?
My name is Francisco Rocha.
We need to talk.
I have news about your father.
I need you to come to my place.
- Did he say who he is?
- No. Just his name.
I was waiting for you.
I'm glad you came.
I didn't think you would.
Professor Rocha. you said
you had news about my father.
Yeah. but call me Francisco.
Have a seat. please.
Thank you.
How did you get my number?
Gonzalo gave it to me.
Gonzalo? What do you know
about my father?
Well. he disappeared without a trace.
Yes. How do you know that?
The police called me
to see if I had any information.
All I could tell them
was that I've known him for years.
Have you heard from him?
The police didn't find any clue.
We have no idea where he is.
They thought it may be a kidnapping.
but since nobody asked for ransom.
they're ruling that out.
I wouldn't rule that out.
Do you think it was an abduction?
I do.
But not the kind of abduction
you think.
What do you mean?
I don't know if you're aware
that your father was studying certain...
unusual phenomena.
He was obsessed with UFOs.
what does that have to do with it?
He came to see me a few days
before his disappearance.
Why? Who are you?
You know. now that I look at you...
you study this kind of phenomena. right?
That's right. I'm an ufologist.
I read an article about you a while ago.
What you guys study
is really science fiction.
Who are you?
Daniel Britos.
I'm Laura's partner.
Laura. your father told me
he'd been studying this things.
and that in recent months.
he'd been making telepathic contacts
with entities from outside this world.
Let me get this straight.
You're saying that we're here...
because Gonzalo
made contact with aliens?
That's right.
- Professor Rocha...
- Francisco.
Let's just...
- Would you like some tea or coffee?
- No thank you. Francisco.
I don't have coffee.
- Francisco...
- Yeah?
If you knew my father.
you must know he's not well.
Since my mom passed away.
his mind deteriorated.
Do you think he's crazy?
We think this is going nowhere.
Your father told me he feared
something could happen to him.
And he asked me to contact you
if that was the case.
Me? Why?
Because he sensed
someone was following him
to obtain the information
he was receiving.
- From aliens?
- That's right.
You need to understand this...
The world we live in
is quite different...
from the real world.
What do you mean?
You know what I mean.
even if you deny it.
But there's only one undeniable truth
in this world.
What truth?
We are not alone.
Laura. judging by the way
your father disappeared.
I think we're dealing
with an alien abduction.
An alien abduction?
Yes. It's much more common
than you think.
Cases like these are reported
everyday around the world.
Cases like these are reported everyday around the
world. but they're silenced by the governments.
But they're silenced
by the governments.
You're not making any sense.
Francisco...
I understand this is your specialty.
I really do.
But you can't expect us to believe
this is what happened to my father.
You can just leave and wait
for a more rational answer to show up.
but I assure you. it won't.
No...
Let's suppose for a second
your theory is correct.
Why did they do it?
I don't know.
Your father was afraid someone would
steal the information he was receiving.
It's also possible
that whoever abducted him
was trying to protect him
from this threat.
This will change everything.
What do you think would happen
if we can prove the existence
of beings from another planet.
of higher intelligence
and a much deeper spirituality?
Wait. You're talking as if there was
many different species of aliens.
That's right. my dear.
There are thought to be
57 different species.
Maybe much more.
Some of them
want to experiment with us.
and others just want us
to reach their level...
- like they've done before.
- Before?
That's right.
They have been among us
since the beginning of our existence.
How can you prove all this?
Think about the civilizations.
The Egyptians. the Mayans.
the Aztecs.
Think how similar they are...
in knowledge and in architecture.
That's all very questionable.
Are you familiar with the Book of Enoc?
Yeah. it's an apocryphal text
from the Bible.
- How's that related?
- Perfect.
It mentions space beings
coming down to Earth and meeting Enoc.
He describes them
as very large beings.
He also mentions
that he was taken to a floating palace.
where these beings spoke to him
about the universe and its secrets.
Many believe these descriptions...
refer to angels.
But they don't.
If you dig deeper into the text.
you can clearly see that he's talking
about another kind of visitors.
The thing is. Francisco.
this is just your interpretation.
And many others'.
Think about the Nazca Lines.
Huge drawings
that you can only see from the sky.
Who were they made for?
They...
They've been among us since forever.
And they've selected...
what information to give us...
and what to hide from us.
This is stupid.
It's real.
whether you believe it or not.
What scientific evidence do you have?
If you want a scientific answer...
there is none.
I think that's enough.
We shouldn't have come here.
Professor Rocha...
I appreciate your intention to help us.
But I suffered enough
from my father's delusions.
Have a good day.
I know how this sounds.
You must think your father
was crazy and delusional.
It's okay.
Laura. you want to find your father
and I want to help you.
Just this once...
I'm asking you
to believe the opposite.
Hello?
Thank you. detective.
we'll be right there.
What did he say?
They found him in a park.
He's okay.
Thank God.
Did he say anything else?
He was raving about aliens.
Francisco...
If you want us to believe you.
now's the time.
Would you come with us?
Of course. Laura.
That was fast.
Where's Laura?
Where's Gonzalo?
He's in a room. alone.
A doctor saw him.
He's okay. but he won't stop raving.
Take me with him.
Let's go.
Gonzalo...
Your son-in-law's here to pick you up.
Leave me alone with him.
Of course.
I'll be back in 15.
Where's my father?
Where is he?
- He was with you.
- Not with me.
Motherfucker...
It's impossible.
- Where is he?
- He was here a minute ago.
Where is he?
The parking lot. Follow me.
What's going on here?
Stop!
- This is impossible!
- Get away from him!
Get away from him right now!
Now freeze!
I said freeze!
He won't stop. detective!
We must get out of here.
Right now.
Dad. are you okay?
No. wait. Nobody leaves.
There's a dead person.
and I want to know what's going on.
You won't understand. believe me.
Please. detective.
Let's go.
Thank you.
It's alright. We got you.
Gonzalo...
Help me. brother...
What have they done to you. man?
Thank you.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Francisco...
What's next?
Your father hasn't said a word yet.
We have to wait for him
to come out of shock to know more.
The information is there.
It's there.
I know it's there somewhere.
He's deeply connected with them.
Very deeply.
- How do you know?
- It's obvious.
It happened when mom died.
He got obsessed with all this.
Maybe he needed it to forget. right?
In cases like these...
it's possible you start questioning...
your own existence...
the meaning of life...
Yeah.
He changed completely after that.
He became bad tempered. stubborn...
- He forgot my existence.
- Don't say that.
Laura...
Yeah.
He only cared about
what's beyond our planet.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Okay.
I should be going.
Tomorrow's gonna be a very long day.
Okay.
- Okay.
- Francisco...
Thank you. For everything.
Please.
Francisco... why don't you stay
here with us tonight?
I don't want you to run into
one of them.
- Stay.
- Okay.
Thank you.
- Still nothing?
- Yeah.
Let him sleep on the bed.
I won't sleep.
Me neither. honey.
POLICE STATION
POLICE
How's Gonzalo?
He just fell asleep.
Listen.
Do you believe all those things
Francisco said?
I don't know what to believe. but...
what we saw was real.
That guy looked exactly like me.
He was identical.
This is madness.
Just like dad's.
It's worst.
Thanks for being here with me
in this moment.
Where else would I be?
What is it?
Dad. are you okay?
Better than ever.
Gonzalo...
Would you like to see a doctor?
No. No doctors.
Thanks. Francisco.
For what?
For being there for my daughter.
and for trusting me still.
- Please. You don't need to thank me.
- I do.
- No.
You know it's an honour for me.
Tell me. Gonzalo...
What happened?
I don't know.
I don't remember anything.
I feel like those memories
were wiped off.
Losing memories
and the sense of time...
is very common
in alien abductions.
Tell me Gonzalo.
what did they say to you?
That...
I was the chosen one.
That they had a message for me.
but it wasn't the right time yet.
I don't know. it was very strange.
No matter where I was...
they were inside me. in my head.
all the time.
- The chosen one.
- Yeah.
Tell me Gonzalo. had you been
abducted by aliens before?
No.
It was my first time.
And if it wasn't for them.
I would've been killed.
They saved me. Francisco.
Not just that.
I think they also
gave you the message.
Why can't I remember?
I think it's in your subconsciousness.
It feels weird to be talking about this
in front of you.
I'm so glad.
Excuse me.
I'd like to ask you
a few questions. Gonzalo.
Of course.
What do you feel inside?
It's... strange. it's like...
Like what?
Like I knew something.
- But you don't know what.
- Exactly.
I have an idea that may work.
What?
I would like to try hypnosis.
What do you think?
Would that work?
I don't know.
but I think the chances are good.
- If you're okay with it.
- Sure. Yeah. let's do it.
Good.
I want you to lay down in the couch.
close your eyes...
there.
I want you to relax...
every muscle in your body.
With every breath...
you'll feel relaxed...
more peaceful...
Breathe...
On the count of five.
you'll be at your house...
on the night they visited you...
It will be alright.
You're peaceful.
Five. four...
three. two...
one...
What's going on. Gonzalo?
I'm coming home.
I feel like something's chasing me.
I get inside and close the door.
I call my daughter.
She's not home.
They try to break in.
They want to get in.
They're doing it.
I see through the window.
I see...
What do you see. Gonzalo?
I see a light...
A blinding light...
What happens now?
I'm in a familiar place.
I'm not alone.
Oh God...
What's happening. Gonzalo?
One of them is right beside me.
What's he like?
It's very tall.
Strange skin...
He doesn't want to hurt me.
What does he want?
To communicate.
How?
Telepathically.
He wants to give me a message.
What message?
From the constellation of Sah...
Enki and their descendents
will return...
We must prepare for the final phase...
I want you to come back to me.
In five. four. three.
two. one...
Dad. are you okay?
Are you okay?
Yeah.
What happened?
Did it work?
You were abducted to receive a message.
What message?
That we should prepare
for the final phase. Gonzalo.
- I can't believe it.
- What's going on?
What's the final phase?
Their way of contact.
The final way.
We will be together again.
like in ancient times.
And when's that gonna happen?
I think that information...
still remains in Gonzalo's
subconsciousness.
They will decide
when will we know.
In the message. dad said...
that Enki and their descendents
would return.
Who's Enki?
Anunnaki.
What's Anunnaki?
What are you talking about?
Enki...
also known as the Lord of Earth.
is a god from the Sumerian mythology.
But Enki isn't a god.
He's an alien creature from
the civilization know as the Anunnakis.
How's that related to us?
Why did he say they would return?
Because the Anunnakis
created the human race.
They've been among us since
the beginning of our existence. Laura.
What?
Many civilizations point out...
that we were created genetically
by space beings.
And many specialists agree
with this theory.
Many years ago. they found
clay tablets from the Sumerian people.
As they translated them...
they found amazing...
revelations.
They revealed that the human race
was created by the Anunnakis.
Furthermore...
they provided the Sumerians
with knowledge...
of science...
of astronomy...
thus making them
the first advanced civilization...
of human kind.
Some believe the Anunnakis
remained with us
in the course of our existence.
That's impossible.
Science knows well
where we came from.
Nobody could debunk Darwin.
not even the Church. This can't be true.
Science has its story.
and religion has another one.
They both have plotholes
in their versions.
Darwin's evolution theory
doesn't really explain
the evolutionary leap
from Homo Erectus to Homo Sapiens.
And this explains it?
Maybe.
These beings' genetic experimentation
could explain how the monkey
evolved to be human.
Putting an end to the endless search
for that missing link they never found.
If this is true...
it will change our entire existence.
I know.
The message mentioned
the constellation of Sah.
What's that about?
Sah's an Egyptian god.
And the constellation
that represents him is Orion.
Several studies mention...
that the Egyptians and the Mayans...
knew where these space beings
came from.
which they clearly showed
in their constructions.
No. I know those constructions
very well.
How did they clearly showed it?
The Pyramids of Giza are perfectly
aligned with Orion.
If you draw an imaginary line
towards the sky...
you'll see the alignment is flawless.
But they're not the only ones.
The Mayans had their own pyramids.
in Teotihuac♪n.
a sacred place for them.
They're also precisely aligned
with Orion.
So that's where they came from?
There are a lot of theories
of where the Anunnakis came from.
Some people say
they came from a gigantic planet...
called Planet X.
which every 3.600 years
enters our Solar System.
causing disasters.
Others believe
the home of the Anunnakis
is the constellation of the Pleiades.
but some of us think
they found other places to inhabit.
That's a different matter.
What are we going to do?
I don't know yet.
I wanna go home.
I need my computer. actually.
I need more information.
I'll give you a ride.
I'll go too.
I don't think we should separate.
Don't worry. we'll be okay.
Come with me.
- Do you realize how dangerous this is?
- Relax.
- What about your father?
- Stay here and look after him.
- Laura. we should get going.
- Yeah. in a sec.
- Francisco...
- Yeah?
Do you really think my dad knows
when the final phase's gonna be?
The increase of sightings
we've been having in recent times
shows us they want to contact us
more than ever.
Your father was chosen.
along with others.
to receive this information
and pass it on to the others.
What's going to happen
when they come?
Nobody knows. Some believe
it could be the end of the world.
Others think they'll start a new era
of peace and spirituality for everyone.
What do you think?
I think we're on the verge
of a new evolutionary leap.
Like thousands of years ago.
Do you think that Enki will return?
If the Anunnakis are coming.
he'd better return.
According to the Sumerian mythology.
Enki advocated for the human race.
Wait.
According to the Sumerian tablets.
the Anunnakis created us
to be their slaves.
Slaves?
Yes. that's right.
Initially.
See. Enki was a geneticist.
and he took part in the human creation.
He didn't think of us as slaves.
He believed the human race deserved
to have a chance. to be free.
Unfortunately. Enlil didn't.
Who's Enlil?
His brother. with whom he always
had a power struggle about this planet.
And where is he now?
Remember when I said some Anunnakis
found other places to inhabit?
- Yeah.
- We believe this planet is hollow.
and that several alien species
live inside it.
all ruled by Enlil.
So we don't even own our planet?
Something like that.
We're living a lie.
Hello?
- Hello?
- What is it?
I don't know. it happened before.
I only hear static.
He intercepted us.
He knows where we are.
- Who?
- The creature you were talking to.
- What do we do?
- We must go. He knows where we are.
Hurry.
What took you so long?
Daniel. they're following us.
We're in danger.
Wait. I have an idea.
Who are you calling?
Who are you calling. Daniel?
- The detective.
- The detective's dead by now!
Whoever answers. it's not him!
Hello?
I know a safe place we can go to.
Tell me. is that place safe for us?
I want you to stay here.
It's too dangerous.
What are you saying?
I'll go with you.
No.
Why not?
I have to do this alone.
- I won't leave you now.
- Daniel... I need it.
I have to know what's going on.
This could be very dangerous.
Please be careful.
I'll be okay.
I just need
to clear things up with dad.
To put an end to all this.
Please understand.
Okay.
It's been long
since the last time I was here.
I didn't know about this place.
You were going to know eventually.
When I'm here. I feel like...
your mother's here with me.
I feel it too. dad.
I'm sorry. daughter.
I'm sorry for all the pain
that I caused you.
For everything I made you go through.
I'm sorry.
- It was really hard.
- I know.
I know.
Why did you push me away?
- I wasn't in my right mind.
- And how do you think I was?
I lost mom...
then I lost you.
I was left alone.
I needed you.
Believe me. if I could turn back time.
I would.
But you can't.
No...
You can't.
I got really scared
when you disappeared.
I thought I wouldn't see you again.
It's over. it's over...
It's over.
I was lost for a very long time.
but it's over.
Things have fallen into place now.
I'm so proud of you.
You're the most important thing
in my life.
I don't want to lose you again. dad.
Can you promise me I won't?
Can you?
What should we do now?
We must hide... and wait.
Wait for what?
For the information in your father
to manifest itself.
- Who is it?
- Open the door. It's me.
What are you doing here?
I wasn't expecting you tonight.
I changed my mind.
Is everything okay?
Yes. I wanted to talk to you.
About what?
Your father...
where is he?
That's what I want to know.
Who are you?
Where's Gonzalo?
I won't tell you.
I don't need you to tell me.
God...
I'm ready for whatever
you planned for me.
Laura?
Francisco...
I can't find dad anywhere.
what time is it?
- Ten o'clock.
- It's been an hour.
He should be here by now.
- Do you think something happened to him?
- I don't know.
- Let's go find him.
- Yeah.
I know that place.
Dad!
Enki...
I was waiting for you.
There's nothing you can do for them.
You will never defeat Enlil.
Enlil...
is next.
Dad...
Dad... everything will be alright.
I'll go get some help
and you will recover.
It doesn't have to be this way.
daughter.
What are you saying?
My time is over.
I did what I had to do.
What was that?
To tell you... that I love you.
I love you too. dad.
Don't leave me alone again.
You'll never be alone.
I know that now.
Your mother's waiting for me.
No. no. no!
No!
No...
No. dad...
No!
ONE MONTH LATER
How's Laura?
You know. it's hard.
She returned to work.
But Gonzalo's death...
was very painful to us all.
Yes. I can imagine.
What's up with you?
I... don't mean to sound insensitive...
It's okay. Go ahead.
But I think there's more to know.
Much more.
About the final phase?
Yeah.
When I hypnotized him.
there were holes.
What holes?
He mentioned that on the night
he was abducted.
he was in... a familiar place.
What does it mean?
That he was comfortable.
What do you think?
I think he...
he came to leave something for us.
I don't know if he was supposed
to tell us what it was.
but...
But what. Francisco?
Please.
...he was supposed to tell us
where it is.
What about the country house?
The house...
Hi Lau.
Hi honey. I'm about to enter a meeting.
What's up?
No. I can't put it off.
What is it?
I'm on my way.
Well...
Let's start looking.
Any luck?
Nothing.
Maybe I was wrong.
I had a feeling
that there was something here.
I found something.
- What is it?
- I don't know.
Are you ready?
Yes.
Hi daughter.
I hope you're watching this.
We're not alone.
We never were.
The world as we know it
will change dramatically.
The truth will be revealed soon.
A truth that will change
all our paradigms.
That's why I want to prepare you
for that moment.
In the next video...
I will explain that truth.
And I will probably
not be alive by then.
So you'll have to decide
whether to make it public or not.
I trust you'll do the right thing.
I love you.
I've always loved you.
Today. April 12...
I'm making this video
for anyone who wants to hear it.
I've been studying
the UFO phenomenon for several years.
And six months ago.
I made contact with an alien species.
called the Anunnakis.
They contacted me to pass a message.
The message is that...
the day of the final encounter
is coming.
Very soon.
They will return in a year from now.
They will be present
and made contact with us once again.
They want us to be ready
for that moment. and...
to know the entire truth.
And that truth
is that they created us.
There are many interests
against making public this truth.
from people who provoke wars.
who seek their own destruction.
but they will protect us.
I know...
some people will think this video...
is strange. is a surprise.
I'm asking them...
to believe.
Believe what I'm saying.
I waited all my life to hear this.
Now we know
that they'll be here in a year.
The whole world will be shocked.
We're not ready for this.
I know.
But they have to know.
Francisco...
Are you going to make it public?
Daniel... this goes against
everything we know.
The world will change.
We can't hide this information.
Yes. I think so too.
But if we do this.
we'll be targeted.
I know. But we must prepare people
for what's coming.
Besides. once we spread the news.
no one can hide the truth.
What if they don't believe us?
Sooner or later. they will.
That's the story.
Hard to believe?
Our world is too.
New things are discovered
everyday in our planet.
Species that we believed extinct...
reappear.
Natural wonders that amaze us...
that thrill us.
Multiply...
triple all that...
in the immensity of the universe.
How much more there is to learn?
Surely a lot.
And I don't know if you heard this. but...
there has been many reports
of sightings these last few days
in different parts of the world.
Do you think that's related.
or is it just a coincidence?
No. it's no coincidence at all.
This will increasingly get bigger
until the final phase day.
The final phase.
which will take place in...
I'm sorry. it's just... so hard to say it.
In a year?
Exactly.
Actually... no one's ready yet.
When they arrive. it will be up to us...
to make it a great day
for humanity.
They're waiting for us to decide...
what kind of world do we want.
And fundamentally.
if we're willing to share it.
What do you think?
I don't know.
I can't answer that.
I would like to. but I can't.
Thank you so much. professor Rocha.
for being here with us tonight.
It was a real pleasure
to have you here.
Any final message you want to give?
When the day comes...
don't be afraid.
That was the day
everybody's lives changed.
As for me. I'm continuing
what my father couldn't finish.
Enki...
I'm ready.
What's next?
THE FINAL PHASE
PART ONE